A Backup vault --> is an entity that stores the backups and recovery points created over time

Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) --> is designed to provide serverless, fully elastic file storage that lets you share file data without
provisioning or managing storage capacity and performance.

AWS Elastic Disaster Recovery (AWS DRS) / AWS FSx --> minimizes downtime and data loss with fast, 
reliable recovery of on-premises and cloud-based applications using affordable storage, minimal compute, and point-in-time recovery.

Amazon(S3) --> is a cloud object storage service from AWS that offers a variety of features for storing, managing, and analyzing data.

AWS Storage Gateway --> gives your applications on-premises and in-cloud access to virtually unlimited cloud storage. 

AWS Artifact --> enables you to download AWS security and compliance documents such as ISO certifications and SOC reports.

AWS Artifact --> provides on-demand access to compliance reports, and AWS Audit Manager automates evidence collection

AWS Certificate Manager --> service that lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy public and private SSL/TLS certificates 
for use with AWS services and your internal connected resources.

AWS HSM --> provides secure key storage and cryptographic operations within a tamper-resistant hardware device. securely stores
cryptographic key material and use the key material without exposing it outside the cryptographic boundary of the hardware.

AWS Cognito --> it supports login with social identity providers and passwordless login using WebAuthn 
passkeys or SMS and email one-time-passwords.

Amazon Detective --> enables you to analyze and visualize security data from your AWS CloudTrail logs, 
Amazon VPC Flow Logs, Amazon EKS audit logs, findings sent from integrated AWS services to AWS Security Hub, 
and Amazon GuardDuty findings.

AWS Directory Service --> provides multiple ways to use Microsoft Active Directory (AD) with other AWS services. 
Directories store information about users, groups, and devices, 
and administrators use them to manage access to information and resources.

AWS Firewall Manager will automatically apply the rules and protections to all resources across accounts.

Amazon GuardDuty --> threat detection service that continuously monitors your AWS accounts and workloads for malicious activity and 
delivers detailed security findings for visibility and remediation

AWS Ground Station --> fully managed service that enables customers to easily command, control, and downlink data from satellites. 

AWS RoboMaker --> cloud-based simulation service that enables robotics developers to run, scale, 
and automate simulation without managing any infrastructure.

Amazon Braket --> provides everything you need to build, test, and run quantum algorithms.

Amazon API Gateway --> helps developers to create and manage APIs to back-end systems running on Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, 
or any publicly addressable web service.

App Mesh standardizes how your microservices communicate, giving you end-to-end visibility and helping to ensure high-availability 
for your applications.

Amazon Application Recovery Controller --> gives insights into whether your applications and resources are ready for recovery.

Cloud Map --> you can define custom names for your application resources, 
and it maintains the updated location of these dynamically changing resources.

Amazon CloudFront --> a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic web content, 
such as .html, .css, .js, and image files, to your users.

AWS Direct Connect --> networking service that provides an alternative to using the internet to connect to AWS. 
Using AWS Direct Connect, data that would have previously been transported over the internet is delivered through a private network 
connection between your facilities and AWS.

AWS Application Migration Service --> simplifies and expedites your migration to AWS by automatically converting your source servers 
from physical, virtual, or cloud infrastructure to run natively on AWS.

AWS Mainframe Modernization --> provides tools and resources for planning and executing application migration and 
modernization from mainframes to AWS managed runtime environments.

Amazon Interactive Video Service --> is a managed live streaming solution that is quick and easy to set up, 
and ideal for creating interactive video experiences.










